# CS-340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  Thouroughly commenting code is essential to writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable. For the CRUD module from project one, as many of the parameters as possible are passed in from outside the module. This way the code requires as less modification for future uses. This module could be reused for any pyMongo based projects in the future.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  When approaching a new problem I look for pieces of the project that I already understand and try to build from those starting points. My approach to the Grazioso Salvare dashboard differed somewhat from previous projects because the Dash framework was completely new to me at the time. I started on the dashboard by trying to achieve smaller more aproachable goals like printing one record to the dashboard. Even though this was not a requirement of the final product it helped me to ensure that each layer of the project (MongoDB, Python module, Dashboard) were functioning. In the future I think that I could start with pieces of this Dashboard and delete or modify pieces to fit the needs of the project. 
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  Computer scientists develop software based solutions to a wide variety of problems and requirements. This type of project would be a huge help to a company like Grazioso Salvare by giving them a manageable way to sort through very large data sets. This project allows Grazioso Salvare to apply a wide range of filters all at the same time in a visually intuitive way. 
